cds debug: Add warning for HTTP health check scenarios (#2589)
cap-js/docs: tools/cds-cli.md

However, it's possible to [route a request to a specific instance](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/deploy-apps/routes-domains.html#surgical-routing), which is useful if you can't reduce the number of app instances.
:::

> ::: warning HTTP health checks kill paused containers

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this immediately clear.

```suggestion
::: warning Cloud Foundry's HTTP health checks kill paused containers
```

> While paused at a breakpoint, the Node.js event loop is frozen and the app cannot respond to Cloud Foundry's `http` health probe. CF will mark the container unhealthy and destroy it within seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While paused at a breakpoint, the Node.js event loop is frozen and the app cannot respond to Cloud Foundry's `http` health probe. As a consequence, Cloud Foundry marks the container unhealthy and destroys it within seconds.
```

> Switch the health check to `process` for the duration of the debug session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, switch the health check to `process` for the duration of the debug session:
```

```suggestion
During your debug session, switch the health check to `process` for the duration of the debug session:
```
